doc: Documents oplog retention vs disk auto-scaling for advanced cluster (#4322)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/advanced_cluster.md

### auto_scaling

> * `disk_gb_enabled` - (Optional) Flag that indicates whether this cluster enables disk auto-scaling. The maximum memory allowed for the selected cluster tier and the oplog size can limit storage auto-scaling. This parameter defaults to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `disk_gb_enabled` - (Optional) Flag that indicates whether this cluster enables disk auto-scaling. The maximum memory allowed for the selected cluster tier and the oplog size can limit storage auto-scaling. This parameter defaults to `false`.
```

Author: Thanks! Updated in 22aa18254120d0bdbc14c1a7aac602a660ff0171

  - To set this to `false`, Atlas requires `advanced_configuration.oplog_min_retention_hours` to be `0` on the server.
  - If it is still non-zero, the API returns `OPLOG_MIN_RETENTION_HOURS_NO_DISK_AUTO_SCALING` (HTTP 400) with a message that oplog minimum retention cannot be configured without disk auto-scaling.

>   - This resource updates the cluster before process arguments, so setting `advanced_configuration.oplog_min_retention_hours` to `0` in the same apply as `disk_gb_enabled = false` does not prevent the error. The cluster update can fail before the process-args change applies.

Reviewer 2: nit: I see this too verbose, would focus on clear guidance. 

- To set 'disk_size_gb' to `false`, Atlas requires `advanced_configuration.oplog_min_retention_hours` to be `0` on the server.

- Setting `advanced_configuration.oplog_min_retention_hours` to `0` must be done an a separate apply before `disk_gb_enabled` can be disabled.

We can wait for docs input.

Author: Agreed, trimmed it down. Removed the middle bullets explaining the HTTP 400 details and the ordering explanation. Now it's 2 sub-bullets: the requirement + the workaround. Combined with kanchana's docs feedback for final wording.

>   - Workaround: run two applies. First set `advanced_configuration.oplog_min_retention_hours` to `0` and apply. Then set `disk_gb_enabled` to `false` and apply again.

Reviewer 3: Nit: we may want to use backticks for the apply commands. I know it's implicit but it helps visually seeing `apply` to be aware of the two steps.

Author: Done. Added backticks around `apply` in both the docs and the schema description.

>   - Workaround: run two applies. First set `advanced_configuration.oplog_min_retention_hours` to `0` and apply. Then set `disk_gb_enabled` to `false` and apply again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Workaround: Run apply twice. First set `advanced_configuration.oplog_min_retention_hours` to `0` and apply. Then set `disk_gb_enabled` to `false` and apply again.
```

Author: Thanks! Updated in 22aa18254120d0bdbc14c1a7aac602a660ff0171

### analytics_auto_scaling

> * `disk_gb_enabled` - (Optional) Flag that indicates whether this cluster enables disk auto-scaling. The maximum memory allowed for the selected cluster tier and the oplog size can limit storage auto-scaling. This parameter defaults to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `disk_gb_enabled` - (Optional) Flag that indicates whether this cluster enables disk auto-scaling. The maximum memory allowed for the selected cluster tier and the oplog size can limit storage auto-scaling. This parameter defaults to `false`.
```

Author: Thanks! Updated in 22aa18254120d0bdbc14c1a7aac602a660ff0171

  - To set this to `false`, Atlas requires `advanced_configuration.oplog_min_retention_hours` to be `0` on the server.
  - If it is still non-zero, the API returns `OPLOG_MIN_RETENTION_HOURS_NO_DISK_AUTO_SCALING` (HTTP 400) with a message that oplog minimum retention cannot be configured without disk auto-scaling.
  - This resource updates the cluster before process arguments, so setting `advanced_configuration.oplog_min_retention_hours` to `0` in the same apply as `disk_gb_enabled = false` does not prevent the error. The cluster update can fail before the process-args change applies.

>   - Workaround: run two applies. First set `advanced_configuration.oplog_min_retention_hours` to `0` and apply. Then set `disk_gb_enabled` to `false` and apply again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Workaround: Run apply twice. First set `advanced_configuration.oplog_min_retention_hours` to `0` and apply. Then set `disk_gb_enabled` to `false` and apply again.
```

Author: Thanks! Updated in 22aa18254120d0bdbc14c1a7aac602a660ff0171
